1.) When user clicks app icon, the system shall display app’s main screen.
2.) When the user is on the main page, main page shall have three functions “Work Out”, “Cut or Bulk” and “food log.”
3.)  When the user clicks on Work Out, the system shall display a new page with different muscle groups to pick from. 
4.) When the user clicks on the muscle they want to work on, the system shall display workouts for specific muscle. 
5.) When the user clicks on the work out, the system shall display a short video on how to do the work out. 
6.) When user clicks back, system shall display main page.
7.) When user clicks cut or bulk, system shall display a new page where you can fill in what you want to do either cut down or bulk up. 
8.) When the user is done choosing, the system shall display a new screen where the user should input their information such as height, weight, and gender.
9.) When the user is done inputting the information, the system shall display a new screen where it shows how many calories, protein, fat, and carbs user should have throughout the day. 
10.) User then has two options clear or done. If the user clicks clear, the system shall clear the page and let user choice from begging to either cut or bulk. 
11.) If the user clicked done, the system shall display a new screen saying good luck with your journey and send the information to the food log page. 
12.) User then would click back button, and the system shall return to the main page. 
13.) If User clicks on food log, the system shall display a new page with a time log. 
14.) When the user is done eating, they would click on the time they ate, the system shall display a pop up that asks for the calories, protein, fat, and carbs. 
15.) When user has is done inputting the information, the system shall refresh and on the top of page will display the remaining number of calories, carbs, protein, and fat left.
16.) If user is unsure of the macros of the food they would click on top corner “Help”, the system shall display a search bar. 
17.) The user will then search for the food; the system shall display the information the user needs. 
18.)  When the user is done with that day they click done, system shall save the information and go to the next day. 
19.) When the user is done, they will click the back button, system shall return to the main page. 

